# Documentation Page

## Pages
Pages are usually added as `.md` or `.mdx`. The page `#` heading determines the visible name of the page. Metadata like ordering in the sidebar is also configured at the top of the page.

Example folder structure:
```txt
-- catagory-one
   -- index.md
   -- page-one.md
```

Example page content:
```txt
---
sidebar_position: 100
---

# <visible-page-name>
```

## Catagories
Catagories are represented by folders. An `index.md` can be added as page for the catagory itself. The index page `#` heading determines the visible name of the catagory. Metadata like ordering in the sidebar is also configured in the index file.

Example folder structure:
```txt
-- catagory-one
   -- index.md
   -- page-one.md
```

Example index content:
```txt
---
sidebar_position: 100
---

# <visible-catagory-name>
```


## Conventions
1. Catagory and page names should be lowercase and should not contain whitespaces. Use `-` instead of whitespaces. For example:
    ```txt
    -- catagory-one
       -- page-one.md
    ```
1. Catagories should always have an `index.md` in the folder. The index should summarize and reference the content of the catagory.
1. Catagory index pages and other pages should always contain atleast the `sidebar_position` property and contain a `#` heading with the visible catagory/page name.
1. Instruction steps should be listed as an autogenerated numbered list. Using `1.` for each list item enabled markdown to autogenerate the correct numbers.
    ```txt
    1. step1
    1. step2
    ```
1. Align text and markdown element that belong to a particular step with the step's indentation.
    ```txt
    Correct
    ```
```txt
Wrong
```
6. Use MDX tabs to represent variations of something. For example when a command is different for Bash/Powershell.
    ```xml
    <Tabs defaultValue="bash">
        <TabItem value="powershell" label="Powershell">command -like -this</TabItem>
        <TabItem value="bash" label="Bash">sudo command -like -this</TabItem>
    </Tabs>
    ```
1. Use group id's on recurring MDX tabs. Selecting a tab will automatically select that tab globally for all tabs with the same group id. So if there would be 5 seperate tabs in a document with Bash/Powershell. Selecting Bash on 1 of them will select it for all. When using group id's, also add `queryString`. This will allow for pagelinks with pre-selected tabs. For example: From a Windows specific page you could add a link to a generic page and pre-select the Powershell tabs by adding `?current-os=windows` for example.
    ```xml
    <Tabs defaultValue="bash" groupId="current-os">
        <TabItem value="powershell" label="Powershell">command -like -this</TabItem>
        <TabItem value="bash" label="Bash">sudo command -like -this</TabItem>
    </Tabs>
    ```
1. When using MDX tabs with group id's, also add `queryString`. This will allow for pagelinks with pre-selected tabs. For example: From a Windows specific page you could add a link to a generic page and pre-select the Powershell tabs by adding `?current-os=windows` for example.
    ```xml
    <Tabs defaultValue="bash" groupId="current-os" queryString>
        <TabItem value="powershell" label="Powershell">command -like -this</TabItem>
        <TabItem value="bash" label="Bash">sudo command -like -this</TabItem>
    </Tabs>
    ```
1. Use code blocks with the correct language/format for commands, code and file content.
    ~~~xml
    ```xml
    <root/>
    ```
    ~~~
1. Use the `title` attribute on code blocks as much as possible. This can be as simple as the filename/path when referencing file. Most of the time the title should describe what the code block is an example of,  correct/wrong, a use-case, scenario, etc. For commands a title is usually more distracting than useful.
    ~~~json
    ```json title="src/main/resources/profiles.json"
    {
        "profile": []
    }
    ```
    ~~~
1. Use highlights in code blocks when there is a specific part of the code block that is being focus on in the text. This allows for more context to be included in the code block, without confusing the reader with what the text is refering to.
    ~~~json
    ```json title="src/main/resources/profiles.json"
    {
        // highlight-next-line
        "profile": [],

        // highlight-start
        "section": "that",
        "needs": "highlighting"
        // highlight-end
    }
    ```
    ~~~
1. Use admonitions when you want to draw extra attention to something important or noteworthy. Generally these should be things that you don't want the reader the accidentally read over or useful tips/info that don't fit directly in the surrounding text. Admonitions should nearly always have the title set. The following admonitions are available: note, tip, info, warning and danger.
    ```md
    :::note
    content
    :::
    ```
1. Use variable interpolation when referencing things that would otherwise regularly require manual find&replace actions. For example: Frank!Framework version being used, latest version, etc. Especially useful for things like an instruction for a docker pull for example. Preferably the instruction would be a specific version like `docker pull frankframework/frankframework:7.9.1`, but this would not be practical if it needs to be replaced on every newly released version. In this example the version could sourced from a `frank-version` property in a JSON file that is being updated by ci/cd for example.
```
<>{props.from}</> TODO
```

